today these games are a little out of
this world so sit back relax and get
ready to play I'm Robin reis and this is
appadvice daily today's episode is
brought to you by my real font messaging
is personal again and by wise ID
password manager and personal data
protector now face recognition what's up
everyone i'm robin race and welcome to
appadvice daily its iPhone day in fact
as we speak i'm likely standing in line
getting my shiny new I device ah excited
alright but I still wanted to bring you
guys the best new games of the week but
we're kind of keep it short so let's get
to it the first must have this week is
cosmic bump it's a new puzzle game with
an alien spin that's perfect for Angry
Birds fans and puzzle audax alike in
cosmic bump you have to save the cute
little aliens that have crashed down on
earth now to do this you have to collect
all the energy cells you know those
little things that look like lightning
bolts and bubbles and cosmic bump has
slingshot control so just pull down aim
and shoot at those little lightning
bolts collect enough energy cells and
you'll be able to get your aliens into
the ship and shoot them back off into
space I by aliens cosmic bump is a cute
pick-up-and-play title perfect for any
puzzle fan or someone looking to kill
some time like me in line tomorrow it's
a 99-cent universal download are you
guys ready for the appadvice game of the
week the title goes to space holiday
space holiday is another puzzle game
with a spacey theme but the gameplay is
completely different remember those
puzzle games when we were kids or you
had to connect the dots in the
highlights magazines LLC a solid eight
is kind of like that an adult version
you have to connect the stars in order
to make a galaxy black hole or time
wormhole I'm not really sure what you're
making but if you do it right the little
space dude will hop into his spacecraft
and shoot through it taking you into the
next level now watch out to not include
the little space meatballs although
they're cute they're not supposed to
come along so make sure you to avoid
those so he's holiday starts off super
easy but keeps your interest as a
difficulty level increases this is one
title that you don't want to miss the
only thing that I don't like about space
holiday is that it's
not universal each copy will cost you 99
cents da Zoey's thanks for watching I'm
Robin Reese and I will sync with you
next time